Updates the docu with info about dual ACLK (#11243)
netdata/netdata: aclk/README.md

[global]
  enabled = yes
  cloud base url = https://app.netdata.cloud

>   aclk implementation = legacy

Reviewer: Isn't  the new option in the `[cloud]` section in netdata.conf?

Author: (facepalm)
thx, fixed

You can configure following keys in the `netdata.conf` section `[cloud]`:
```
[cloud]
  statistics = yes
  query thread count = 2
  aclk implementation = legacy
```

- `statistics` enables/disables ACLK related statistics and their charts. You can disable this to save some space in the database and slightly reduce memory usage of Netdata Agent.
- `query thread count` specifies the number of threads to process cloud queries. Increasing this setting is useful for nodes with many children (streaming), which can expect to handle more queries (and/or more complicated queries).
- `aclk implementation` - see [ACLK implementation](#aclk-implementation) section

## ACLK implementation

> Currently we are in process of switching ACLK to brand new technical stack called ACLK-NG. To choose implementation your agent should use you can change the `aclk implementation` setting in your `netdata.conf` (accepted values `ng` or `legacy`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently we are in process of switching ACLK to brand new technical stack called ACLK-NG. To choose your implementation, change the `aclk implementation` setting in your `netdata.conf` (accepted values `ng` or `legacy`).
```

> Before changing this value check the desired implementation is available in your agent (determined at build time) by running `netdata -W buildinfo`. Following lines indicate which ACLK implementations are available in your agent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before changing this value, check the desired implementation is available (determined at build time) by running `netdata -W buildinfo`. Following lines indicate which ACLK implementations are available:
```

```
Features:
    ACLK Next Generation:    YES
    ACLK Legacy:             YES
```

> To verify which ACLK implementation your agent uses you can visit `/api/v1/info` endpoint on your local dashboard and check the `aclk-implementation` key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To verify which ACLK implementation Netdata uses, visit the `/api/v1/info` endpoint on your local dashboard and check the `aclk-implementation` key.
```

> Please note new Cloud features will be implemented on top of ACLK-NG from this point on. ACLK Legacy is therefore kept as fallback in case some users have issues with ACLK-NG or need to use features which are not yet available in ACLK-NG *(like IPv6 support and SOCKS proxy)*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New Netdata Cloud features will be implemented on top of ACLK-NG from this point on. ACLK Legacy is therefore kept as a fallback in case some users have issues with ACLK-NG or need to use features which are not yet available in ACLK-NG *(like IPv6 support and SOCKS proxy)*.
```

### Improvements of ACLK-NG over Legacy are:

> - no dependency on custom patched `libmosquitto` (no bundling of libraries). Which should remove obstacles many GNU/Linux distribution package maintainers had trying to provide Netdata with Cloud support
> - no dependency on libwebsockets
> - lower latency and higher throughput
> - more up to date, new features for Netdata Cloud are currently developed on top of ACLK-NG first

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No dependency on custom patched `libmosquitto` (no bundling of libraries). Which should remove obstacles many GNU/Linux distribution package maintainers had trying to provide Netdata with Cloud support
- No dependency on libwebsockets
- Lower latency and higher throughput
- More up to date, new features for Netdata Cloud are currently developed on top of ACLK-NG first
```
